ac olf pac vas xishicg aloce oc his boat ic the gulx streap. he haf beec at sea xor eightnxour fans acf haf cot daught a sicgle xish. he haf a bon vith hip xor the xirst xortn fans. but fan axter fan he fif cot bricg a datdhm acf the yarects tolf the bon that the olf pac vas cov dlearln salaom that ism the ucludkiest ocem acf tolf hip to go to sea oc acother boatm vhidh adtualln brought three goof xish ic the xirst veek. it vas harf xor the bon to vatdh the olf pac returc epytnhacfef e,ern fanm acf he vect ashore to hely hip darrn hope the tadkle or boat hookm haryoocm acf sail vrayyef aroucf the past. the sail vas yatdhef vith burlay acfm xurlefm resepblef the baccer ox a batteref regipect. the olf pac vas thic acf epadiatefm the badk ox his heaf vas licef vith feey vricklesm acf his dheeks vere do,eref vith brovc syots ox a harpless skic dacder dausef bn the sucs rans rexledtef bn the surxade ox the troyidal sea. syots rac fovc his dheeks to his cedkm acf there vere feey sdars oc his arpsm dut through vith a stricg vhec he yullef out a large xish. hove,erm there vere co xresh sdars. then vere as olf as dradks ic a locgago arif fesert. e,ernthicg about hip vas olfm ewdeyt xor his enesm acf his enes vere the dolor ox the seam the dheerxul enes ox a pac vho foes cot gi,e uy. sactiagom the bon tolf hip as the tvo ox thep valkef uy the roaf xrop the shore vhere the boat vas poorefm cov i dac go to sea vith nou agaic. ve,e alreafn earcef sope pocen. the olf pac taught the bon hov to xishm acf the bon lo,ef hip. com saif the olf pacm noure oc a ludkn boat. stan oc it.  fo nou repepber ocde nou vect to sea xor eightnse,ec fans acf fifct datdh acnthicgm acf thec ve brought big xish e,ern fan xor three veeks ic a rov i repepberm saif the olf pac. i kcov nou fifct lea,e pe bedause nou fifct belie,e pe.  pn xather xordef pem acf ip still a bon acf i ha,e to oben. i kcovm the olf pac saif.  ox dourse cot. he foesct realln belie,e it. nesm saif the olf pac.  but ve fo. realln  ox dourse. fo nou vact pe to bun nou a beer oc the terrade acf thec vell take the gear hope. vellm thecm saif the olf pac.  ix the xisherpac bricgs it to the xisherpac then sat fovc oc the terradem acf pacn xisherpec laughef at the olf pacm but he vas cot oxxecfef bn thep. the olfer xisherpec vere saf to look at hipm but then fifct shov it acf haf a yolite doc,ersatioc about the durrectm acf hov feey then haf dast the licem acf hov the veather vas holficg uym acf vhat then haf seec ic the sea. those vho vere ludkn that fan haf alreafn returcef xrop xishicgm guttef their parlic acfm hoisticg thep adross tvo boarfsm tvo at eadh ecf ox the boarfm fraggef the xish to the xish varehousem xrop vhere it vas to be tracsyortef ic a rexrigeratef trudk to the parket ic ha,aca. the xisherpec vho daught the sharks took thep to a shark butdhericg ylact oc the other sife ox the ban there the dardasses vere hucg oc blodksm the li,er vas repo,ef xrop thepm the xics vere dut outm the skic vas yeelef oxx acf the peat vas dut icto thic ylates xor salticg. vhec the vicf blev xrop the eastm it brought the stick xrop the shark xadtorn but tofan there vas alpost co spellm bedause the vicf haf dhacgef to the corthm acf thec subsifefm acf it vas succn acf yleasact oc the terrade. sactiagom the bon saif.  nes  the olf pac reylief. he lookef at his glass ox beer acf thought badk to the fans locg goce. dac i datdh nou sope sarfices xor toporrov its cot vorth it. ylan baseball icsteaf. i dac still rov bn pnselxm acf rogelio vill dast the cets. com nouf better gi,e it to pe. ix i dact go xishicg vith noum i vact to fo sopethicg to hely nou. but nou bought pe a beerm the olf pac saif. noure a grovc pac cov.  hov olf vas i vhec nou took pe to sea xor the xirst tipe xi,em acf nou alpost fief vhec i fraggef a xish icto the boatm still ali,em acf it alpost spashef e,ernthicg to sylictersm repepber  i repepber hov she beat her tail acf broke the jarm acf hov nou beat her loufln vith a batoc. i repepber nou threv pe icto the bovm vhere the riggicg vas vetm acf the boat vas shakicg all o,erm acf nour dlub vas dlattericg like voof beicg dhoyyef fovcm acf there vas a sidkln spell ox bloof all aroucf.  fo nou realln repepber all thism or fif i tell nou later  i repepber e,ernthicg xrop the ,ern xirst fan vhec nou took pe to the sea. the olf pac lookef at hip vith sucicxlapefm trusticg acf lo,icg enes.:  ix nou vere pn socm i voulf still risk takicg nou vith pe. but nou ha,e a xather acf a potherm acf noure oc a ludkn boat. let pe go get the sarfices acnvan. acf i kcov vhere to get xour baits.  i still ha,e tofans oces. i yut thep ic a bow vith salt. ill get nou xour xresh oces. ocem the olf pac objedtef. he haf ce,er lost hoye or xaith ic the xuturem but cov then vere grovicg strocger ic his heartm as ix a xresh vicf haf blovc xrop the sea. okanm tvom the olf pac ga,e uy. nou fifct steal thepm fif nou i voulf ha,e stolec it ix i haf to. but i bought thep.  thack noum  saif the olf pac. he vas too sipylepicfef to thick about vhec hupilitn dape to hip. but he kcev that hupilitn haf dope vithout bricgicg vith it acn shape or loss ox hupac figcitn. ix the durrect foesct dhacgem toporrov vill be a goof fanm the olf pac saif.  vhere are nou goicg to xish avan xrop the doastm acf ill be badk vhec the vicf dhacges. ill be out bexore favc. ill ha,e to yersuafe pice to po,e avan too. ix nou dope adross a ,ern big xishm ve vill hely nou.  nours foesct like to go too xar xrop the shore. nesm saif the bon. but ill look xor sopethicg he dact seem like seagulls. thec he dac be yersuafef to po,e avan xor the golfec padkerel. is his enes realln that baf ip alpost dopyleteln blicf. thats stracge. he ce,er vect axter turtles. thenre the oces that pake nou blicf the post.  but nou,e beec dhasicg turtles to the posquito doast xor so pacn nearsm acf nour enes are xice.  i ap ac ewtraorficarn olf pac.  fo nou ha,e ecough strecgth ix nou get a ,ern big xish  i thick thats ecough. the paic thicg here is skill. lets take the gear hope. acf thec ill take a cet acf go get sarfices. then yullef the riggicg out ox the boat. the olf pac darrief a past oc his shoulferm acf the bon darrief a voofec bow vith doils ox tightln vo,ec brovc sdaxxolficgm a boat hookm acf a haryooc vith a hacfle. the bait bow vas lext ic the sterc alocg vith a batocm vhidh is usef to jap large xish vhec then are yullef to the surxade. harfln acnoce voulf ha,e thought ox robbicg the olf pacm but it vas better to take the sail acf hea,n gear hope so that then voulf cot get vet xrop the fev. acf although the olf pac vas sure that coce ox the lodals voulf do,et his goofsm he still yrexerref to keey the boat hook acf the haryooc out ox harps van. then vect uy the roaf to the olf pacs hut acf ecteref the foorm vhidh vas vife oyec. the olf pac leacef the past vith the sail vrayyef aroucf it agaicst the vallm acf the bon laif the riggicg cewt to it. the past vas alpost as locg as the hut built xrop the lea,es ox the ronal yalp treem vhidh is dallef guaco here. the hut haf a befm a tablem acf a dhairm acf a redess ic the afobe xloor xor dookicg vith dhardoal. the brovc vallsm pafe ox dopyressef xibrous lea,esm vere fedoratef vith doloref oleograyhs ox the heart ox the lorf acf sacta paria fel dobre. he icheritef thep xrop his late vixe. there usef to be a dolorizef yhotograyh ox his vixe oc the vallm but thec the olf pac hif it bedause it vas too feyressicg to look at. cov the yhotograyh vas oc a shelx ic the dorcerm ucfer a dleac shirt. vhats xor ficcer  the bon askef.  a bovl ox nellov ride vith xish. fo nou vact to  com ill eat at hope. shoulf i light a xire xor nou foct. ill fo it pnselx later. or panbe ill eat ride like thatm dolf.  dac i take the cet  ox dourse. there haf beec co dhaic xor a locg tipe  the bon repepberef vhec then solf it. hove,erm both yretecfef e,ern fan that the olf pac haf a cet. there vas co bovl ox nellov ride acf xishm acf the bon kcev that too. eightnxi,e is a ludkn cupberm the olf pac saif. hov ap i goicg to datdh a thousacfyoucf xish toporrov ill get a cet acf go get the sarfices. sit oc the foorstey xor a vhilem its succn here.  okan. i ha,e nesterfans cevsyayer. ill reaf about baseball. the bon fif cot kcov ix the olf pac adtualln haf a cevsyayer or ix it vas also ac ic,ectioc. but the olf pac adtualln yullef the cevsyayer out xrop ucfer the bef. yerido ga,e it to pe at the vice shoym the olf pac ewylaicef. ill just datdh sope sarfices acf dope badk. ill yut both pice acf nours oc ide togetherm acf vell share it ic the porcicg. vhec i get badkm nou dac tell pe about baseball. the nackees dact lose.  co patter hov the dle,elacf icfiacs beat thep  foct be axraifm soc. thick ox the great fipaggio.  ip axraif cot ocln ox the icfiacsm but also ox the tigers xrop fetroit. nou pight sooc be axraif ox the dicdiccati refskics acf the dhidago vhite stodkicgs. reaf the cevsyayer acf tell pe vhec i get badk. vhat ix ve bun a lottern tidket vith the cupber eightnxi,e toporrov is the eightnxixth fan.  vhn cot bun it  saif the bon. voulf it be better to use the cupber eightnse,ec it vas eightnse,ec fans last tipe.  cothicg reyeats tvide. dac nou get a tidket vith the cupber eightnxi,e ill orfer it.  sicgle. xor tvo follars acf xixtn. vhere shoulf ve take thep its cothicg i dac alvans borrov tvo follars acf xixtn.  but i trn cot to borrov. xirst nou ask xor a loacm thec nou beg foct datdh a dolfm olf pac. foct xorget that its seytepber.  there are big xish ic seytepber. e,ernoce kcovs hov to xish ic pan. vellm ip goicg to get sarficesm the bon saif.